README.md, before:

# ![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?center=true&vCenter=true&size=30&width=650&height=50&lines=Welcome,+I'm+Younes!+👋;I'm+a+Data+Scientist+📊;I'm+a+Quantative+Researcher+📈)



## 🚀 About Me



Hi there! I'm **Younes Sghyer** – a passionate **Data Scientist** 📊, **Quantative Researcher** 🐍, and tech enthusiast driven by the future of **AI** 🤖, **FinTech** 💸. 🚀



I specialize in building intelligent systems and scalable solutions, with a strong foundation in both data-driven decision making and clean backend architecture. Whether it's developing data models 📊, creating web applications 🐍, or exploring new technologies 🔍, I am always looking for innovative ways to solve real-world problems.



---



## 📂 Last Recent Projects



### 📈 Quantitative Finance & Trading

- **[Quant System BTC](https://github.com/Younes202/QuantSystemBTC)** (Ongoing)

- **[Backtesting Framework](https://github.com/Younes202/Backtester-Framework)** 📊💡

- **[Trading Opportunity Analysis and Telegram Alerts](https://github.com/Younes202/TelegramBot-Alerts-Decision)** 📈📲

- **[Live-Trading Bot Linked with Binance](https://github.com/Younes202/LiveTradingBot)** 🚀💰



### 🌍 Global Data Science Portfolio

- 🇺🇸 **[Socio Economic Housing - Boston, USA](https://github.com/Younes202/Socio-Economic-Housing-Characteristics-Boston)**

- 🇳🇱 **[CPU FORECASTING - Netherlands Bank](https://github.com/Younes202/CPU-FORECSTING)**

- 🇳🇵 **[Earthquake Damage Prediction - Nepal](https://github.com/Younes202/Predict-Earthquake-Damage-in-Kavrepalanchok)**

- 🇹🇿 **[Air Quality Analysis - Tanzania](https://github.com/Younes202/Air-Quality-Analyzing-in-Dar-es-Salaam-)**

- 🇦🇷 **[Apartment Sale Prices - Argentina](https://github.com/Younes202/Apartment-Sales-in-Buenos-Aires)**

- 🇧🇷 **[Housing Analysis in Brazil](https://github.com/Younes202/Housing-Analysis-in-Brazil)**



---

## 📈 My GitHub Stats


<p align="center">
  <!-- Most Used Languages -->
  <img src="https://github-stats-ten-delta.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Younes202&layout=compact&hide_border=true" width="45%" />

  <!-- General Stats -->
  <img src="https://github-stats-ten-delta.vercel.app/api?username=Younes202&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true" width="45%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Streak Stats -->
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Younes202&hide_border=true&cacheBust=1" width="90%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Contribution Graph -->
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Younes202&bg_color=000000&color=00ff00&line=00ff00&point=ffffff&hide_border=true" width="90%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Metrics Dashboard -->
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Younes202/Younes202/main/github-metrics.svg" width="90%" />
</p>








---



## 📫 Connect with Me

- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [Younes Sghyer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/younes-sghyer)

- 🌐 **Portfolio:** [younes202.github.io](https://younes202.github.io/Software-Devloper-Younes)

- 📧 **Email:** [sghyeryounes@gmail.com](mailto:sghyeryounes@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Enhance README with personal insights and expertise
Expanded personal introduction and highlighted key areas of expertise in data science and finance.

README.md, after:

# ![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?center=true&vCenter=true&size=30&width=650&height=50&lines=Welcome,+I'm+Younes!+👋;I'm+a+Data+Scientist+📊;I'm+a+Quantative+Researcher+📈)



## 🚀 About Me



Hi there! I'm **Younes Sghyer** – a passionate **Data Scientist** 📊, **Quantative Researcher** 🐍, and tech enthusiast driven by the future of **AI** 🤖, **FinTech** 💸. 🚀

I thrive at the intersection of data, finance, and technology — building reproducible workflows, designing intelligent systems, and translating complex analytics into clear, actionable insights. My journey blends academic rigor with hands‑on industry projects, where I focus on:  
- 📈 Machine learning in finance (bias–variance tradeoff, ensemble methods, algorithmic trading).  
- 🛠️ End‑to‑end pipelines: from raw data engineering to polished dashboards for stakeholders.  
- 🌍 Global collaboration: working remotely across Morocco, Riyadh, and the USA, while exploring Nordic opportunities.  
- 💡 A philosophy of connecting technical contributions to human context, ensuring impact beyond code.  

Always curious, always learning — I’m driven to push boundaries in AI and FinTech, and to share knowledge through open‑source contributions, workshops, and research. ✨




---



## 📂 Last Recent Projects



### 📈 Quantitative Finance & Trading

- **[Quant System BTC](https://github.com/Younes202/QuantSystemBTC)** (Ongoing)

- **[Backtesting Framework](https://github.com/Younes202/Backtester-Framework)** 📊💡

- **[Trading Opportunity Analysis and Telegram Alerts](https://github.com/Younes202/TelegramBot-Alerts-Decision)** 📈📲

- **[Live-Trading Bot Linked with Binance](https://github.com/Younes202/LiveTradingBot)** 🚀💰



### 🌍 Global Data Science Portfolio

- 🇺🇸 **[Socio Economic Housing - Boston, USA](https://github.com/Younes202/Socio-Economic-Housing-Characteristics-Boston)**

- 🇳🇱 **[CPU FORECASTING - Netherlands Bank](https://github.com/Younes202/CPU-FORECSTING)**

- 🇳🇵 **[Earthquake Damage Prediction - Nepal](https://github.com/Younes202/Predict-Earthquake-Damage-in-Kavrepalanchok)**

- 🇹🇿 **[Air Quality Analysis - Tanzania](https://github.com/Younes202/Air-Quality-Analyzing-in-Dar-es-Salaam-)**

- 🇦🇷 **[Apartment Sale Prices - Argentina](https://github.com/Younes202/Apartment-Sales-in-Buenos-Aires)**

- 🇧🇷 **[Housing Analysis in Brazil](https://github.com/Younes202/Housing-Analysis-in-Brazil)**



---

## 📈 My GitHub Stats


<p align="center">
  <!-- Most Used Languages -->
  <img src="https://github-stats-ten-delta.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Younes202&layout=compact&hide_border=true" width="45%" />

  <!-- General Stats -->
  <img src="https://github-stats-ten-delta.vercel.app/api?username=Younes202&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true" width="45%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Streak Stats -->
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Younes202&hide_border=true&cacheBust=1" width="90%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Contribution Graph -->
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Younes202&bg_color=000000&color=00ff00&line=00ff00&point=ffffff&hide_border=true" width="90%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <!-- Metrics Dashboard -->
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Younes202/Younes202/main/github-metrics.svg" width="90%" />
</p>








---



## 📫 Connect with Me

- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [Younes Sghyer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/younes-sghyer)

- 🌐 **Portfolio:** [younes202.github.io](https://younes202.github.io/Software-Devloper-Younes)

- 📧 **Email:** [sghyeryounes@gmail.com](mailto:sghyeryounes@gmail.com)
